# 2023-01-27 Meeting minutes
###### tags: `Meeting`
**13:00 | Zoom**

Present: Everyone except Linn

## Before the meeting
* Everyone should have written a first draft on at least one part of the project plan

## Agenda
* Around the table
* Status on project plan? Any problems?
   * Need clarification regarding prototype phase. What exactly is supposed to be prototyped? How? 
* Review comments
* [Contribution Report](/L4RI0rM1STaejiVBN2n4CA) -- when/who should fill it in?


## Decisions
* Since collision detection is a common problem, we will use a collision detection system as a case study to ensure we support it 
    * [How collision can be implemented](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Octree)
    * [Sweep and prune algorithm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sweep_and_prune)
* We will develop the following prototypes (one for each subproblem):
  * Component data storage
    * Handling removal/addition of components/entities
  * Querying of entities and components
    * Interaction between entities (door-button-problem)
  * Task scheduler 
* The project plan will be written in the future tense
* Possibly add a glossary to the beginning of the project plan
* Contribution report will be filled in by each team member every friday
* For status-update meetings, where the main topic is just to check-in on what everyone is doing, doing them remotely is preferred

## Next meeting

**2023-01-30 | 15:15 | EG-3504**

* Supervision meeting