# 2023-03-20 Meeting minutes
###### tags: `Meeting`
**10:00 | EG-3507**

Present: Martin, Mathias, Jacob, Christoffer, Linn, Edvin

## Before the meeting
None

## Agenda
* Around the table
* Should prototyping results be written about in thesis?
  * Important to have clear result that connects back and references goal/purpose early in the Results-section
  * We want the results to contain what we tried and discarded (and why(Discussion?)) from the prototypes, but the exact structure of this is TBD.
  * The result should not contain any "opinions" about the results, it should simply state the things that we ended up with.
* Choose a new time for meeting with Yehia
  * There was supposed to be a "mittmöte" last week, but he never contacted us about that
  * Check with Yehia if ordinary meeting can be moved to before lunch on Mondays (9-12) or Tuesday (9-12, 13-15)
  * Check with Yehia about when he wants to have half-time meeting
* Book next meeting with "Fackspråk"?
    * Just to make sure we have a time we want to have, and not leftovers
      * 20 april for second meeting
      * 11 may for third meeting
* Status on Thesis writing and MVP
    * How much more time is needed?
      * Aim to be finished with MVP this week
    * Integrating data structures and querying into MVP
    * When's the next important thesis deadline?
      * Fackspråk handledning 2 so aim to have it mostly finished by 16th of april
    * MVP is soon-to-be-finished, what's next? 
      * Engine development, but what main things do we want to develop?
        * Rendering
        * ...
* Look through current Project-board and remove/finish outdated issues
  * Any `New` ones to discuss?

## Decisions
* Jacob will mail Yehia about booking a half-time meeting and the possibility of changing meeting times.
* Longer monday-meeting next week to "startup" engine development

## Next meeting

**2023-03-24 | 13:00 | EG-3507**
