# 2023-05-15 Meeting minutes
###### tags: `Meeting`
**08:00 | Zoom**

Present: Martin, Mathias, Jacob, Christoffer, Linn, Edvin

## Before the meeting
* Don't worry be happy

## Agenda
* Around the table
* Go through the report one last time
* Turn the report in??!! 🥳🥳🥳
* Last parts :man-with-bunny-ears-partying: 
  * Movie, Opposition and Presentation


## Decisions
* Film
  * Should be short, really just an overview of our engine
  * Audience: Basic understanding of programming, 
  * Structure:
    * (30s) Introduce simulations and game engines
      * Computer simulations are widely used in the industry today. The speed of which is highly sought after since this speeds up the acquisition of results and allows for a wide variety of real-time applications such as videogames to be implemented. The object oriented approach for creating these engines has been standard for some time, however due to its performance, more modern architectures are being transitioned into. ECS is one of these architectures and stands for Entity component system. 
    * (2 min) Explain ECS
        * The ECS architecture splits the engine into three parts: Entities, Components and Systems. Entities represent different objects in the simulation or game, and components are the different attributes of these entities. Some common components are: position, velocity and mass, but the developer can also create their own unique components. Systems add behaviors to the entities in the simulation. Each system operates on entities with a specific set of components. This gives ECS a high degree of flexibility as it allows behaviors to be modified by simply adding or removing components from entities. This can be used during execution to change how entities behave. 
        * ECS separates data from logic while OOP encapsulates these aspects in objects. This seperation used in ECS leads to the ability to more efficiently utilize modern processors to fetch data stored in a computers memory. In OOP since objects are an arbitrary collection of encapsulated data, trying to process multiple objects using the same function will result in alot of unneccesary data being "prefetched" by the processor. ECS stores components contiguous in memory, leading a more efficent utilization of this prefetching allowing more releavant data to be read from memory simeltaneously.
    
        * The seperation of data and logic in ECS also simplifies the scalability of large projects. OOP inherits classes and methods which may, in large projects, result in classes being intertwined making modification of the simulation and game more difficult.
        * This may result in the modification of a class which does not seem to have a common denominator with another, altering others in unexepeccted ways. ECS provides a higher degree of extensibility in such cases given that systems operate on enteties containing its queried subset of components. 
    * (30 s) Explain what features RECS have
        * We created a simulation engine using ECS which we named RECS. The RECS engine uses the previously presented benefits inherent to ECS to perform the executions of simulations faster than engines using OOP. Furthermore utilizing the structure of the ECS architecture systems to automatically parallelize both the executions of multiple systems and individual systems. Multiple systems are paralellized to ensure that no currently executing systems reads from a component type while another writes to it. A single system is parallized to allow for the entites being processed by it to be processed concurrently. 
    * (30 s) Show the N-Body simulation
        * To showcase and compare performance between RECS, the OOP engine Unity GameObjects and other ECS engines, we created a simple gravity simulations to measure against. Each entity or body within the simulations is a sphere which is affected by the gravity of all other objects. This is a computationally-heavy simulations since it requires each body to be altered by every other body in the scene leading to the fact that the number of computations increases quadratically according to the amount of bodies.
    * (1 min) Present performance results
      * To evalute the performance between RECS and other engines and frameworks, the N-body simulation was benchmark for different number of bodies. 
      * This is the realtime execution of the simulation using the Unity GameObjects engine. We can see that the FPS is quite slow at 0.3 frames per second with around 4000 bodies. 
      * We now switch over to the simulation being executed by RECS. We can now see that the same amount of bodies is being updated at a significantly faster rate, at 87 frames per second.
      * With the amount of bodies set to around 16000 bodies being executed on the two engines it was observed that RECS was almost 700 times faster than Unity GameObjects. 
      * RECS has a similar performance to other ECS-engines for large numbers of bodies.

    * (30 s) Thesis Conclusion
      * In conclusion, RECS performs quite well on computationally-heavy tasks. Compared to Unity Gameobjects an almost 700 times speedup was observed and against other ECS engines, only one was more efficient at scale. RECS is quite slow at other tasks, however, like dynamically creating and removing entire entities during runtime. During the benchmarking of this functionality it was seen that RECS performed up to 20 times slower than an other ECS engine. As a whole the project was a success and the benefits of ECS compared to OOP have been showcased.
  * The Three Questions:
    * What is the main difference between ECS and OOP?
      * (correct) Separation of data and logic
      * (incorrect) There is no difference
      * (incorrect) OOP is faster
      * (incorrect) ECS is used in games but OOP is not
    * Approximately, how much faster is RECS than Unity GameObjects in the largest measured n-body simulation?
      * (correct)   700
      * (incorrect) 70
      * (incorrect) 7000
      * (incorrect) 70000
    * What area does RECS excel in? 
      * (correct) Computation-heavy iteration over many entities
      * (incorrect) Lightweight system iteration
      * (incorrect) Dynamic removal and addition of entities and components
      * (incorrect) High-fidelity graphics rendering
* Christoffer, Edvin and Jacob will create the film.
* [Final presentation](/ddTZdn6dTK--v6TdjqMAxg)

## Next meeting

**2023-05-16 | 10:00 | Zoom**



