# 2023-04-11 Meeting minutes
###### tags: `Meeting`,
**09:00 | Zoom**

Present:

## Before the meeting
* Read through and create issues for thesis, based on Yehia's feedback

## Notes:

Poor organization is common in your texts. There is no organization between the subsections.

2.1 Litterature review
* Talk more about how this relates to OOPD, and other things.

"We stand on the shoulder of others"
* You should have a litterature review.

* pros of OOP, quick development
* if the concern is performance, maybe it is not the best idea.
* maybe you loose something with ECS, like structure

* start with: "we need to design a game engine"
* what are the common techniques for this?
* look at the literature for game design.
* OOP is not used because of performance issues.
* ECS, benefits and disadvantages, you have to be balanced.
* Chapter 2 should talk about state of the art or background.
* ECS design in light of software engineering and general.
* History of ECS should be Literature Review
* start with Game Engine Design Strategies, talk about OOP and ECS...
* The ECS Architecture
  * Interactions
  * Extensibility
  * Data Storage
* Start with something like "In this chapter we will present the ECS architecture and discuss related work."

* Querying and schedulning comes
* You talk about position and velocity without explaining why * you seem to have a case study in mind. You could have a running case study as an example
* You need to introduce and explain the case study before you use it.
* "To capture the intuition of the reader we will use a running case study..."
* Put it at the start of the ECS Architecture and explain that it will be used to more easily explain the ECS parts. Then you can start talking about the parts of the ECS.
* You are contradicting yourself by saying that you can't run it concurrently.
* Define the terms concurrency and parallelism.
* Continuous data is unclear, expand on this
* Explain what a parallel query is.
* Talk about the ECS in a high level way.
* The most important thing in a thesis is tracing a story.
* Write the case study informally.

Rewrite theory in the context of OOP

state-of-the-art or background instead of historical,

Put ECS in the context of the state-of-the-art (OOP)

We want a game engine, what are the available design mythologies, OOP is good?, multi-agent modeling, Look at benefints and disadvantages of OOP, quick to use however non-optimal and inflexible, talk about the advantages and disadvantages of ecs,

Motivate ECS in terms of performance

//
Supervisor would start with Big title (talking about game-engine design strategies) explain why ECS is relevant

Then go to ECS architecture. Section 2.2-2.5 could be a part of this section

2.4 modes of ECS

2.5 data storage

//

Architecture ECS is extensible.

Intro sentence: In this section we will present the background of ecs engine and closely related works

2.2 intro to Big title section explaining what we should go through

Querying has not been explained enough

Explain case study and then we can use examples in the context of this to get a running example. Regarding the use of position/ velocity components used in text

In the beginning of ECS architecture we could introduce the running example.

Concurrent vs parallel. Parallel is totaly independe while concurrency may interact

Explain difference between parallel and concurrent

starvation is a liveliness property not a safety one.

Safety can be verified in finite time but starvation cannot

Expand upon how removing data may present gaps in memory with no relevant information and data-contiguity

Once again need to explain queries before using it.

High-level overview of the ECS engine then introduce parts of ECS might be better

One of the most important things in the thesis is to present a followable story.


## Agenda
* Around the table
* Discuss feedback from Yehia
* Go through thesis-issues in `New` and modify/prioritize/discard/place in backlog


## Decisions
* This week focus is on Chapter 2: Background
* Next week focus is on Chapter 1: Introduction

## Next meeting

**2023-04-14 | 13:00 | Zoom**

* Next tuesday meeting we'll go through the backlog and re-prioritize.
* This friday we'll:
  * Go through any new issues created by group members that have read through the entire thesis
  * Go through remaining new issues
  * Go through (double-check) this week's feedback from Yehia and last week's feedback
  * Send the thesis to Yehia
  * Send the thesis to fackspråk
* Current project status
  * What important issues are left?
  * Is everything going according to plan?
  * Is anything blocking us from doing something?
* Come up with timeline for upcoming weeks
  * When is the next important deadline?
  * When is the project over?
  * When should the thesis be done?
