# 2023-04-04 Meeting minutes
###### tags: `Meeting`
**09:00 | Zoom**

Present: Martin, Mathias, Jacob, Christoffer, Linn, Edvin

## Before the meeting
* Read through Morten's feedback.

## Notes from meeting with Yehia
* You have a tendency to write as if the reader should go to the literature and read things themselves. 
* Shocking formulation "endanger the user", change to "corrupt or hard memory".
* "correctness" is too strong, "safety" is less strong. Last time, we talked about sub-problem correctness, change to validation, here you talk about running parallel processes on shared resources, and run them in such a way that there are no inconsistencies, this is safety.
* How you verify: safety. What you want to achieve: 
* "safety of system execution" - rewrite to run system concurrently while preserving consistency of shared resources, method for checking is by testing. No formal proof, use test cases.
* You write as if people know what is in the n-body case study, but they do not. A fresh reader needs to understand all parts from the ground up: what is a dynamic system? Using terms without explaining it causes confusion, the reader thinks: "is it something I understand or not". Expand on the explanation of the N-body Case Study, the thesis should be self contained. No motivation, or still hidden. You have a full sub section that has a small paragraph, why do you not have a section called case studies explaining which case studies we need and why; and then describe the ones you have performed. 
* Switch the presentation: the MVP we want to do consists of this, this and this. You need to make a story. We have chosen two case studies: one that has high concurrency and one that focus on less interruption. When there are high interaction there is perhaps worse performance, but with less interaction there is better performance. 
* We need an evaluation criterion. Do not start with a preconception: draw conclusions from statistics and measurements. Look at the limiting behavior, because the small case is not the general case, try to do something large. You should go into it not knowing what characteristics it has, perhaps some parts are possible to do independently or maybe not, you will find out when performing the case studies. 
* So: now the basic idea is to restructure these sections and explain why you need these case studies, and explain how you want to evaluate them. Even in the method give hints: as we will see later this case study will perform very well because of xyz. 
* In the result you will talk about numbers not only intuition. Keep a point of suspense. This helps you motivate why you used these case studies.
* Not happy with 4.1: what is the final ECS engine? Give a brief until now what we have done. too many subsections, should be used for big contents, not paragraphs. The overview talks about how, I still do not know what we are talking about. You always have to make sure that the reader are in a state of "now I understand", you have to make a story. You started with how before what.
* You still need to use references that you base your work on, i.e. DAG. 
* Be create about why you decided to do something different from the literature that exists up until now. Explain your thought pattern.
* You need to explain why the dependency wont need to be recomputed, while you have a system that can grow and shrink. Why can you have a static graph when this is the case? 
* There need to exists an overview of how systems are added and how they are executed, before. You cannot have a title about precedence graphs and then talk about systems.
* You need to explain your images, what do they mean? It is not clear what the systems are, I see these boxes, but where are the systems. It is not clear that it repeats. The syntax is not clear, why are there no duplicates two read_c systems for example. 
* Writing is not an easy things, we need to write in a consistent way and explain everything before you use it.
* You need to write related literature with high detail. 

## Agenda
* Around the table
* Planning Report feedback
  * Why not use Ada?
    * Ada seems to already do what our scheduler in Rust does (see [tutorial](https://learn.adacore.com/courses/Ada_For_The_CPP_Java_Developer/chapters/11_Concurrency.html))

## Decisions
* Everyone should read through the entire thesis, with all of Yehia's above feedback in mind (and keeping the red thread in mind).
  * Minor problems/mistakes that can be fixed by you very quickly should be fixed immediately.
  * Larger issues, or things you're unsure about, should be made into an issue describing _what_ and _why_ it's wrong. Place the issues in `New`. Also place a comment in the text. 
  * If you see any comments you know are solved, then resolve them.
  * Next Tuesday meeting (and also next Friday meeting if there are more issues then) we'll go through the issues created in `New` and discuss them / move into backlog. 
* Friday meeting is cancelled.
* Next Tuesday meeting will be on Zoom. 

## Next meeting

**2023-04-12 | 09:00 | Zoom**

* Look at decisions and do what that says