# 2023-04-18 Meeting minutes
###### tags: `Meeting`
**09:00 | EG-3207A**

Present: Martin, Mathias, Jacob, Christoffer, Linn, Edvin

## Before the meeting
* Have a weekend!

## Agenda
* Around the table
* Yehia's wise words
  * Create issues
* Current project status
  * What important issues are left?
    * Code
      * Benchmarks
      * System command buffers
      * Rain simulation case study
    * Thesis
      * Issues regarding writing new things
        * Mainly finish discussion and result
      * Discussion about what could have been done differently, (especially if we don't reach our goal)
      * Conclusion and abstract
  * Is everything going according to plan?  
    * kinda 
* Is anything blocking us from doing something?
* Come up with timeline for upcoming weeks
  * When is the next important deadline?
    * Fackspråkshandledning 20/4 14.00
      * We will have our Friday meeting on that Thursday 13:00 on Zoom
    * 4/5 Fackspråk inskick
      * No preparation needed, just send question on that day. (Friday meeting)
    * 11/5 Fackspråkhandledning om redovisning och film
      *  
    * 27/4 Send thesis to Yehia for big readthrough (90% inlämning)
      * Write about result and discussion (hopefully almost all of it)
      * Most of the benchmarks should be completed'
    * 4/5 Skrivningsstuga med biblioteket
      * Could ask any remaining questions about structure and language
    * 15/5 Sammanställd slutrapport
      * Conclusion and abstract, feedback from supervisor and fill out results with benchmarks etc
    * 16/5 Bidragsrapport
      * Everyone should have filled out their own parts of the [Contribution Report](/L4RI0rM1STaejiVBN2n4CA)
    * 17/5 Filmen
      * Might do it earlier, or start preparing earlier, but at the latest it will be done during the two days between finished report and film due date
    * 22/5 Skriftlig individuell opposition
    * 25-26/5 Slutredovisning & Opposition
      * Create the presentation during this week
      * Much can be reused from the film and thesis
      * Simultaneously, the opposition will be prepared
  * When is the project over?
  * When should the thesis be done?
* Go through issues in backlog and repriorwitize
* Go through issues in `New`
* Teambuilding?

## Decisions
* Ask examinator about:
  * Main author of sections in thesis, it's very muddled at this moment
  * Project board ok as contribution log?

## Yehia Notes
* You need to explain tagging, "common system" also.
* What is a "type of entity" - Type here is misleading
* It is also confusing to say that the system does know the type, it needs to know, otherwise it can't operate on it.
* You need to put an opening/introduction to the background chapter.
* You need to explain whats different: maybe it is performance or usability (user friendliness)
* We have multiple things in life that does the same thing, you shouldn't be worried about doing the same thing. You just have to point out what differs.
* Look for case studies that show your engines strengths.
* "Our engine allows the user to do these other things more easily, while still providing the same level of performance."
* What are these aspects that do or do not need to changed, what is independent of the game engine.
* You should explain the performance downsides of encapsulation.
* Concurrency entails that there are shared resources. Paralell does not, it is about independence.
* Hint about which approach you chose in the ECS.
* Yehia discurages that a sentence starts with a reference or number.
* "In [32] the authors states that..."
* The source is old, the reader would believe that the problem has been solved. State that the problem is not solved is this is what you are trying to highlight.
* Use words that are connected to the subject.
* Section 2.2.3 was too long and it was hard to follow what the meat of the section was. A restructuring is in need.

## Next meeting

**2023-04-21 | 13:00 | Zoom**

* ...