# 2023-02-17 Meeting minutes
###### tags: `Meeting`
**2023-02-17 | 13:00 | Zoom**

Present: Everyone

## Before the meeting
* Work on prototypes

## Agenda
* **Around the table**
    * Martin: Har kunnat programmera en massa i veckan
    * Christoffer: Kommit underfund med allt, vad är generics
    * Mathias: Anställd på Ericsson nu!
    * Edvin: Fixat en basic querying
    * Linn: Datorn håller på med finurliga grejer, schrödingers laddare
    * Jacob: Börja veckan med att läsa på, prototypat med Linn igår och idag
* Go through work done
  * Why no communication in prototype-channels?
      * Try to communicate through prototype-channels
  * Any problems?
  * Any design decisions/questions?
      * for scheduling: componentvectors should be [Arc](https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/sync/struct.Arc.html)
  * How far will the prototype get in another week of work?
      * scheduler: will be parallel in a week probs
      * querying: look into a model that scales better
      * data storage: compare three different implementations of archetypes and test them
* Status of first draft of thesis
    * Christoffer worked on order and moved text form project plan
    * Until next friday we need to fix tempus (check chalmers skrivguide) and look through flow and order, write introduction (issue exists)
* Planning session for next week's prototyping work
  * Just like last Monday meeting: 
    * Split up into prototype groups, discuss, create issues
    * Regroup at end of meeting / end of discussions and present to team


## Decisions
* Until next friday we need to fix tempus (check chalmers skrivguide) and look through flow and order
* Write introduction (issue exists)
* Keep working on prototypes (Prio)

## Next meeting
**2023-02-20 | 15:15 | EG-3508**
* Notify Yehia of which room is booked on Monday