# 2023-05-02 Meeting minutes
###### tags: `Meeting`
**08:00 | EG-3213**

Present: Martin, Mathias, Jacob, Christoffer, Linn, Edvin

## Before the meeting
* 

## Agenda
* Around the table
* Current status:
  * (**in 2 days**) 4/5 Fackspråk send in thesis
    * No preparation needed, just send question on that day. (Friday meeting)
  * (**in 2 days**) 4/5 Thesis writing workshop with the library
    * Could ask any remaining questions about structure and language
  * (**in 9 days**) 11/5 Fackspråk-supervision about presentation and film
  * (**in 13 days**) 15/5 Thesis deadline "Sammanställd slutrapport"
    * Conclusion and abstract, feedback from supervisor and fill out results with benchmarks etc
  * (**in 14 days**) 16/5 Contribution Report due date
    * Everyone should have filled out their own parts of the [Contribution Report](/L4RI0rM1STaejiVBN2n4CA)
  * (**in 15 days**) 17/5 Film
    * Might do it earlier, or start preparing earlier, but at the latest it will be done during the two days between finished report and film due date
  * (**in 20 days**) 22/5 Written individual opposition
  * (**in 23-24 days**) 25-26/5 Final presentation & Opposition
    * Create the presentation during this week
    * Much can be reused from the film and thesis
    * Simultaneously, the opposition will be prepared
* Restructure Results
* Wise words from supervisor
* (hjälp me pls) Any ideas for storing arbitrary component data in the command buffer?
  * Need to store it in [this enum](https://github.com/martinjonsson01/recs/blob/ca73b6bf4bdbd46b768c084491d5c9716516871c/crates/ecs/src/systems/command_buffers.rs#L61-L66)
* Anything else that's come up during thesis writing?
* Re-prioritize backlogs
* Go through any issues in `New`

## Decisions
* Questions for fackspråk:
  * Opposition
      * Vad är ett bra upplägg?
  * Film
      * Vem är målgruppen (gymnasieelever)? (dvs till vilka ska vi formulera för, vad för förkunskaper kan vi anta att de som ser filmen har?)
  * Final Presentation
    * Är arbetssättet intressant att ta upp eller ska vi fokusera endast på resultatet?
  * Thesis
    * Vi har delat upp resultatkapitlet i tre kapitel. Tycker ni det funkar? 
    * Vår plan för "Future Work" är att i diskussionskapitlet diskutera alla bitar av implementation som går att förbättra, och sedan i "Conclusion" samanfatta dessa som "Future Work". Är detta okej, eller måste det finnas en rubrik "Future Work"?

* Thesis Result Structure
    * The RECS Engine
        - engine overview 
        - case studies

    * Benchmarking
        - Case study benchmarks
        - Micro-benchmarks

    * Implementations
      - Scheduling
      - Data Storage
      - Querying
      - Rendering & Simulation thread decoupling
    
    * Discussion
      - Scheduling
      - Data Storage
      - Querying

    * Conclusion
      * Summarize the engine and its performance
      * Future work

## Supervisor's advice notes
* When describing Rust just highlight the features that we use.
  * one reason was because of safe memory.
  * Highlight were some feature was used, i.e. 
  * We need to sell the reason why we use Rust, not sell the Rust language.
* When describing Rusts memory features it sounds like you would not need your DAG.
* The reader is not supposted to read the captions, but sometimes they will.
* You need to explain makespan before you go into detail on it.
* instead of moving the boxes, swap the arrows, in figure 4.4
* 

## Next meeting

**2023-05-05 | 13:00 | Zoom**

* 