# 2023-05-05 Meeting minutes 
###### tags: `Meeting`
**13:00 | Zoom**

Present: Martin, Mathias, Jacob, Christoffer, Linn, Edvin

## Before the meeting
* Fackspråk send in thesis 4/5


## Agenda
* Around the table
* Current status:
  * (**in 6 days**) 11/5 Fackspråk-supervision about presentation and film
  * (**in 10 days**) 15/5 Thesis deadline "Sammanställd slutrapport"
    * Conclusion and abstract, feedback from supervisor and fill out results with benchmarks etc
  * (**in 11 days**) 16/5 Contribution Report due date
    * Everyone should have filled out their own parts of the [Contribution Report](/L4RI0rM1STaejiVBN2n4CA)
  * (**in 12 days**) 17/5 Film
    * Might do it earlier, or start preparing earlier, but at the latest it will be done during the two days between finished report and film due date
  * (**in 17 days**) 22/5 Written individual opposition
  * (**in 20-21 days**) 25-26/5 Final presentation & Opposition
    * Create the presentation during this week
    * Much can be reused from the film and thesis
    * Simultaneously, the opposition will be prepared

## Decisions
* Until thesis deadline
  * Everyone's version of abstract should be written before next Friday so that we can compare and create the ultimate abstract
  * Until Tuesday everyone should have read through the entire thesis and leave comments where it's needed
  * Comment categories for easy read through:
    * Entire group read please (EGRP): this needs to be discussed with the entire group
    * Someone look at this (SLAT): this needs to just be discussed with someone
    * Nitpick (NIT): just something minor
  * Friday next week is the final deadline for the entire thesis
    * Everyone presents their abstracts, we discuss them and merge them into one final abstract
    * Go through any of the remaining problems 
      * Don't go overboard with nitpicks, do that on Tuesday instead!
* Ask Yehia to review:
  * Section 2.1 "Related Works" has now been reworked to eliminate the overlap with the introduction
  * Section 3.1 "Choice of Programming Language and its Features" has now been reworked to make it more clear which exact features we make use of
  * New structure of results (Chapters 4, 5 and 6)
  * Section 4.2.1 "N-Body Simulation" describes one of our case studies. We're also wondering if it's redundant to derive the formulas like we're currently doing?
  * The paragraph in results which talks about figure 6.3 has now been updated to include an explanation of "makespan"
  * The figures in section 6.1 have been reworked to be much more clearer
  * Section 6.2 "Data Storage" 
  * Section 7.1 "System Scheduler", specifically the paragraph which begins with "The initial schedule generation may result in what users " and below. (The paragraphs above are WIP)
  * 

## Next meeting

**2023-05-09 | 08:00 | EG-3213B**
* Read through thesis and leave comments
* Mark comments according to comment categories

