# 2023-03-06 Meeting minutes
###### tags: `Meeting`
**15:15 | EG-3505**

Present: Everyone

## Before the meeting
* 

## Agenda
* Around the table
* Status of half-time presentation
    * Changed to put more of a focus on our problems. 

* Licence for code
    * Need to decide on a licence.
    
* Send in thesis draft to library
    * Questions:
        *  Are our references OK. How do we use these sources otherwise?
        *  Max pages? Max word count?
        *  Is agile workflow relevant in method?
        *  How much should we explain concept that are basic for us however might not be for students in other programs?

* Prototyping status
  * Achieved remaining goals?
      * Scheduler: Work has been done to run and execute schedules. Prototype done. Benchmarking not done yet.
      * Querying: Enough is done to transition into MVP. Good week overall for implementation progress! Testing should continue in MVP
      * Storage: More elegant solutions for casting. Enough to begin MVP work.
  * Ready for integration into MVP?
      * MVP can begin!
  * Any outstanding/remaining difficult problems?
      * How is borrowing handled? 
      * Foreign entity access has not been explored.
      * Manual ordering of systems.
      * Adding/removing components at runtime.
      * Concurrent access to component data storage.
      * Common resource access (accessing data from outside the ECS from within a system, i.e. user input).
* Beginning of MVP 
  * Decide on representatives from each prototype-group to create boilerplate
    * Spend a week with 3 group members creating boilerplate
    * Remaining 3 group members focus on any last parts of prototyping and writing in the report
      * The remaining 3 group members will start handling the feedback from the peer-review.
  * How much reuse of prototype code is acceptable?
    * Only allow reuse from prototypes if thoroughly tested, documented and double-checked for "hacky" solutions
      * And even then -- rewrite it by hand if you want to keep it! This makes you reevaluate previous decisions
  * Review-process
    * The boilerplate will be pair-programmed by the MVP group, then it will be submitted as a PR but will be accepted immediately (it's just for book-keeping).
    * After the boilerplate has been written, development of the remaining parts of the MVP will be done in parallel, and any syncing between different parts will be done on a case-by-case basis.
  * MVP process
    * Boilerplate - single issue, pair-programmed
    * Remaining parts
      * Issues created by MVP group, accepted by entire team
      * Issue is implemented
      * PR is submitted, reviewed by the others in MVP group
      * ?
      * profit
  * Delimitations of boilerplate?
    * Not creating the entire MVP, just the groundwork
    * Just enough to allow the entire team to move on to the MVP
    * Define traits, not implementations
      * except maybe linear/sequential basic implementations?

## Decisions
* We will meet tomorrow at SB main entrance 08:45.
* During the MVP phase it will be more important to agree on the work being done (issues).
  * Primary focus has to be one integrating prototypes into one cohesive unit.
* MVP Group: Jacob, Martin, Edvin

## Next meeting
**2023-03-10 | 13:00 | Zoom**
* Don't forget to turn in peer-evaluation 1 before the 12th! 
* 