# 2023-01-30 Meeting minutes
###### tags: `Meeting`
**15:15 | EG-3504**

Present: Yehia, Martin, Mathias, Edvin, Jacob, Christoffer, Linn

## Agenda
* Wise words from supervisor
  * Mail about overleaf and such, Yehia won't always check Canvas
  * Ask how strict the line is for presenting new information outside of the Background section
      * move out new information to the background, not the problem statement
  * Differentiate between purpose and tools for purpose in purpose
  * Remove unnecessary information in the problem statement, keep it short and only explain about the problem
  * look at story of the project plan and flow
  * Grammar and spelling checks
  * Check titles and their meanings, avoid having section title and directly after another title, instead add a short introduction to the section first
  * Project schedule, not the school's schedule
      * verify this, management of bachelor thesis says otherwise?
      * Compare to a project that needs funding, and how the scheduling reflects a thoroughly planned project development that can get funding
      * Account for risks in the project
      * Include parallel tasks, not only the sequential ones
          * i.e. the prototyping phase and the different prototyping plans
  * LINDA: concurrency model, look it up
      * no shared memory model, no message passing model
      * pool of resources
      * multiple threads that doesn't communicate, you can look at them as "fishes"
      * processes "goes into the pool" and pattern matches to a thread?
      * in some ways similar to shared memory model but more efficient
      * if entities and components interact as if entities is localities LINDA will not be efficient
      * coordination language
  * Mail Yehia about ECS for him to read up, and mail him the overleaf doc of project plan when ready, as well as read up on if LINDA will be useful
* Around the table
    * Mathias: Fylleraida i fredags, väldigt kul! 
    * Jacob: Chilling billing och kolla youtube
    * Edvin och Christoffer tog de lugnt
    * Linn: Åkt en jävla massa skidor
    * Martin: Fira sin systers student, träffade hela släkten och har nu råkat börja jobba på kvantdatorkandidaten också
* Book library feedback session
    * Fredag 10/3 11.15-11.45
* Re-book Fackspråk handledning 1
    * Linn is unable to be there on the 28th (previous date)
    * Fredag 3/3 10.30-11.30
 
## Decisions
* Scheduling
    * flesh out our plan for working on the engine
    * at the same time as the MVP, some can work on prototypes
    * keep deadlines, but make it less generic
    * make group specific milestones
* Meeting on friday
    * start at 8-10 for review session, then the real meeting is at 13-17  

## Next meeting

**2023-01-31 | 10:00 | EG-3504**

* Rust workshop!
* Won't have meeting minutes

**2023-02-03 | 13:00 | EG-3508**

* Entire project plan should be written as a first draft
* Begin thinking of suggestions for paper title (leave as comments)
* Everyone should read through the project plan at least once
  * Leave comments!
    * No point in commenting on insignificant things like obvious typos -- just fix them!
    * Only leave comments if there is *something to discuss*, like if you're not sure if it's correct or not
  * Discuss in comments
* Read about LINDA coordination language
* Mail Yehia relevant papers about ECS and first draft of project plan
* During the meeting we go through all remaining comments