# 2023-04-20 Meeting minutes
###### tags: `Meeting`
**13:00 | Zoom**

Present: Martin, Mathias, Jacob, Christoffer, Linn, Edvin

## Before the meeting
* None

## Agenda
* Around the table
* Current status:
  * **Fackspråkshandledning 20/4 14.00**
    * Today! [Zoom-link](https://chalmers.zoom.us/j/65298504659)
    * Warning: Carina might be sick (hopefully there's a substitute)
  * (**in 7 days**) 27/4 Send thesis to Yehia for big readthrough (90% inlämning)
    * Write about result and discussion (hopefully almost all of it)
    * Most of the benchmarks should be completed'
  * (**in 14 days**) 4/5 Fackspråk send in thesis
    * No preparation needed, just send question on that day. (Friday meeting)
  * (**in 14 days**) 4/5 Thesis writing workshop with the library
    * Could ask any remaining questions about structure and language
  * (**in 21 days**) 11/5 Fackspråk-supervision about presentation and film
  * (**in 25 days**) 15/5 Sammanställd slutrapport
    * Conclusion and abstract, feedback from supervisor and fill out results with benchmarks etc
  * (**in 26 days**) 16/5 Contribution Report due date
    * Everyone should have filled out their own parts of the [Contribution Report](/L4RI0rM1STaejiVBN2n4CA)
  * (**in 27 days**) 17/5 Filmen
    * Might do it earlier, or start preparing earlier, but at the latest it will be done during the two days between finished report and film due date
  * (**in 32 days**) 22/5 Skriftlig individuell opposition
  * (**in 35-36 days**) 25-26/5 Slutredovisning & Opposition
    * Create the presentation during this week
    * Much can be reused from the film and thesis
    * Simultaneously, the opposition will be prepared
* Yehia's email about our hours
  * How does everyone feel about their current hours?
    * Is there anything we can do to help?
  * Should we ask the examiners if we're doing good at the moment?
    * No need, we seems to be good on time management
* Go through remaining comments in thesis and create issues
  * First, go through and find any comments that we should ask fackspråk about!
    * fackspråk pushed up to tuesday at 11 on zoom since supervisor for the session was sick
    * 
* Go through issues in `New`
  * Possible optimization: cache lookup of archetypes in systems
* Teambuilding?
  * Both after we finish everything and during to keep going

## Questions for Fackspråk

1. Are we using the "method"-section correctly?
  * Are we going too far in Method when we say "This was useful during development of a concurrently executing ECS-engine, as it reduced the number of possible implementation mistakes."? 
2. Are we using the "related works"-section correctly? Is it a good idea to structure it chronologically?
3. How should we structure results? We have thought about dividing it into three parts: first part describes the engine implementation and how to use it, the second part presents and describes our benchmarking results, the third part describes our process of figuring out what implementation to use for the engine. Is this a good idea, or should it be done differently?
4. What is the exact distinction between results and discussion? Is it okay to motivate decisions in results, or is that considered discussion?
  * Is it okay to explain our reasoning in the results? And connect it to literature?
  * Structure of Result: 
    * 1) Final Product
    * 2) Development process: (Prototype, MVP, Engine Development & Benchmarking)
    OR 
    * 1) Final Product, 2) present the development process of each 


5. Could you read through our current "Purpose and Goal". Should we change the tempus used there?
6. "Safely executed concurrently" -- "Safely executed, concurrently" which one should we use, how do we order the words?
7. In results, the section of "Rendering and simulation thread decoupling": is it okay to use "our" or should we prefer to not be as personal? 
8. Is it okay to discuss what other solutions do differently than ours, after having presented our own inside of results? Or should this go in "related works"/"discussion"
9. In the conclusion section: can we have a discuss about experiences from the development process, and what would be done differently or the same in future work?
10. Do you know how strict the "50-page content" limit is? As long as we're under the word limit. We have a lot of figures and tables, do you have any tips?


## Decisions


## Next meeting

**2023-04-25 | 08:00 | Zoom**

*