# 2023-03-10 Meeting minutes
###### tags: `Meeting`
**13:00 | Zoom**

Present: Martin, Mathias, Jacob, Christoffer, Linn, Edvin

## Before the meeting
* Don't forget to turn in peer-evaluation 1 before the 12th! 

## Agenda
* Around the table
* Should we have any meetings next week?
  * Could skip meetings, but each group member can (after their exams are done) continue working on as normal
  * If we find out we need a meeting on friday, we will decide it on slack during the week
  * Otherwise we have the meeting on monday at 10.00
* Easter week/re-exam week:
  * We work as much as we are available for, but if anyone is away or have a re-exam it is of course fine
* Library supervision feedback
  * Double check how we format sources
  * See if there are more credible sources of the same source
  * If the source is iffy, make it clear in the text
* Progress of MVP:
  * Boilerplate finished
  * Some parts need documenting/testing, then PR will be created
    * Will be done today after meeting
  * Data storage integration has been difficult to do in boilerplate, so has been skipped
  * Next week: 
    * Work on integrating scheduler/filtering/data storage into boilerplate -- PRs and reviews will be made
* Progress of thesis:
  * How much of the feedback is relevant/irrelevant?
    * Which did we discard, if any?
  * What are the main priorities at the moment?
    * New introduction so it is easier to follow goal and purpose
    * Method, the one we have now is very much for project plan
    * Write about prototypes in method and results
* Should we skip implementing our own profiler?
  * It is very easy to integrate with an existing profiler, and has already been done for the prototype scheduler
  * Our main goal is not to write a profiler
  * The existing profilers contain more features than we would have time to implement on our own

## Decisions
* We no make profiler, but we do integrate 

## Next meeting

**2023-03-xx | xx:xx | xx-xxxx**

* Either on friday or monday, we will see