# 2023-02-13 Meeting minutes
###### tags: `Meeting`
**2023-02-13 | 15:15 | EG-3504**

Present: Everyone

## Before the meeting
* Have a weekend!
* Try not to get sick (@Linn :eyes:) ((is ok if you get sick :mask:))

## Agenda
* **Around the table**
  * Linn: p책 b채ttringsv채gen, sjuk i helgen
  * Jacob: Tagit det lugnt
  * Christoffer: spelat armored core 
  * Edvin: tagit det lugnt
  * Martin: alumnitr채ff
  * Mathias: spelat WoW
* **Current status of spent time (as of 2023-02-11 13:00)**
  * Lower than expected, probably because it's hard to spend time purely on planning report
    * We can (and should) pick up the pace now with the prototypes!
  * Of course: *when sick none of this applies* -- just rest!
  * Supposed to have spent a total of `533 hours` so far
  * Have actually spent a total of `339 hours` so far
  * Even accounting for 50% from IT students, we're supposed to be at `400 hours`
  * To keep in mind:
    * It's easier and less stressful to put in the work now rather than later 
    * There's a large variety of ways to contribute your time:
      * Coding
      * Reading blogs, articles, papers
      * Watching videos
      * Going through tutorials
      * Thinking about design
* **Agree on Definition of Done**
  * suggestion: [Definition of done](/buE_t3g5Skyd-4IrfTWSqQ)
* **Prototype planning session**
  * Break out into prototype groups and:
    * go through the necessary research
    * agree on workflow (pair-programming, individual work)
    * create issues (enough for at least a week, with margin)
      * Use the template!
      * Use the prototype-specific views!
    * begin discussing design of prototype
  * When (every group's planning is done || 20 minutes left in meeting):
    * Regroup to present created issues, discuss with entire team, "sign off" on them

## Decisions
* This is our [Definition of done](/buE_t3g5Skyd-4IrfTWSqQ).
* Issues are only moved to 'in review' once the DoD is fulfilled, but has not been reviewed yet.
* Issues are not moved to 'Done' unless the entire DoD is fulfilled.
  * During the prototyping phase, the reviewing is not necessary (but can be decided upon internally in the prototype group.) 
* 27 Feb. is a strict deadline for the first draft of the thesis.
  * We will transfer all relevant parts of the planning report to the thesis.
    * Transfer: copy and paste relevant parts, making sure to update tempus, headings, references
* The backlog is prioritized. Always take the top issue, unless it is blocked or you do not feel capable of implementing it within a reasonable timespan.
  * If you move something back into the backlog, write a comment on the issue describing why.
* Non-finished issues and non-created issues that are agreed upon, will be specified and then the rest of the group will be notified of this so they can sign off on it.
* The real backlog is the central one, not the prototype ones.

## Next meeting
**2023-02-17 | 13:00 | EG-3503**
* Go through work done during week