# 2023-04-28 Meeting minutes
###### tags: `Meeting`
**13:00 | Zoom**

Present: Martin, Mathias, Jacob, Christoffer, Edvin

## Before the meeting
* 

## Agenda
* Around the table
* Current status:
  * (**in 6 days**) 4/5 Fackspr책k send in thesis
    * No preparation needed, just send question on that day. (Friday meeting)
  * (**in 6 days**) 4/5 Thesis writing workshop with the library
    * Could ask any remaining questions about structure and language
  * (**in 13 days**) 11/5 Fackspr책k-supervision about presentation and film
  * (**in 17 days**) 15/5 Sammanst채lld slutrapport
    * Conclusion and abstract, feedback from supervisor and fill out results with benchmarks etc
  * (**in 18 days**) 16/5 Contribution Report due date
    * Everyone should have filled out their own parts of the [Contribution Report](/L4RI0rM1STaejiVBN2n4CA)
  * (**in 19 days**) 17/5 Filmen
    * Might do it earlier, or start preparing earlier, but at the latest it will be done during the two days between finished report and film due date
  * (**in 24 days**) 22/5 Skriftlig individuell opposition
  * (**in 27-28 days**) 25-26/5 Slutredovisning & Opposition
    * Create the presentation during this week
    * Much can be reused from the film and thesis
    * Simultaneously, the opposition will be prepared
* Discuss inconsistent benchmark results
  * See graphs in [PR for #55](https://github.com/martinjonsson01/recs/pull/115#issuecomment-1526581671)
  * Course of action options
      * No criterion, everything to CSV
      * Criterion for rust with similar solution for EnTT. Unity is an outlier
* Discuss Concurrency and Parallelism
    * Concurrent computation implies these, not necessarily disjoint, classes of activities:
        * parallel ocurring in different resources in the same time interval, simultaneously taking place at the same moment,
        * pipelined activated in overlapped time frames.
* Ask Yehia about how we will handle the "pruning" process when it is time
  * He said that we should wait until everything is written, but we need to take into account how long the "pruning" itself will take
    * We should inform him that our final deadline is 15/5 (in 17 days)
* Go through rest of feedback from fackspr책k
* Re-prioritize backlogs
* Go through issues in `New`
* Anything else that's come up during thesis writing?
  * Agree on structure for Results

## Decisions
* Send question about max page number to examiners
* All members try to write an abstract for the thesis. These will then be evaluated and combined to form the final abstract.
* More iterations per sample in Criterion. Match number of samples from EnTT to Criterion and Unity. Export all results to Comma Separated Values (CSV) and then import to Excel so that graphs can be generated. 
* Ask Yehia to review:
  We have done a lot of work on the Results-chapter this week, but we'd like to note that the overall structure is not yet finalized. We're still working on improving flow.
  * The fifth paragraph in section 2.2.1 "Concurrent Scheduling of Systems" (it's the one beginning with "Concurrency and parallelism ...") has been expanded to hopefully better describe the terms
  * Section 3.1 "Framework and Languages" has been augmented with more information about Rust, which is necessary for some more in-depth explanations we have added later (for example section 4.4.1)
  * The example and figures in Section 3.4.1 "Profiling Tool" have been changed to be more clear
  * Section 4.3 "System Scheduler" is done (except for the benchmarks, and a description of how makespan minimization works)
    * Especially we're wondering if the figures are easier to understand now
  * Section 4.4.1 "Use of Unsafe Code"
  * Section 4.5.1 "Data Storage Prototype"
* Tuesday meeting 8 am to fix results structure

## Next meeting

**2023-05-02 | 08:00 | EG-3213**

* 