# 2023-03-31 Meeting minutes
###### tags: `Meeting`,
**13:00 | Zoom**

Present: Martin, Mathias, Jacob, Linn, Edvin

## Before the meeting
* None

## Agenda
* Around the table
* Don't forget to check off completed requirements in the issue
  * This helps convey progress to the rest of the team
* Yehia's answers:
  * Says our case studies seem to fit what we need (one with interactions and one with independence)
  * We shouldn't expect comments from examiner
    * It's not clear on Canvas so send an email to the examiner 
    * Email the examinator again, if he doesn't respond we will email course responsible
* Clarification about :eyes: 
  * Put it on the message in Slack, not the PR on GitHub! 
* Progress of the week
  * Some issues build so much upon previous work that it might be best for the same person to be involved (at least partially) in upcoming issues (i.e. dynamic archetypes)
* Rendering System
    * Look through the initial plan of implementation.
        * Components Structs
            * Material
            * Mesh
            * Position
            * Rotation
            * Scale
        * Create Buffer
            * How should this buffer look like? `HashMap` maybe, with entity as key, should allow for fast updates and still iterable. This would however require system to get the entity as well as the components.
        * Add a `enable_rendering` function to `Application` 
        * Add a `init_rendering` in `Application`'s `run` function
            * Create and add system for updating buffer
                * Maybe just a normal system which updates the buffer once every system iteration? I.e a system which takes the 5 rendering components and just writes to the buffer.
            * Initializes rendering system
                * Not really sure what this part actually would be or if it's the same as the point below.
            * Starts the rendering system(thread)
            * Add someway to change FPS
    * Some other questions:
        * Since we don't have resources yet should camera be stored as a entity and meshes in entities? I'm assuming they should be stored as a resource when it's implemented.

## Decisions
* Two case studies are enough
* Mail examiner and ask:
  * What's the status on our planning report? Could we get feedback, or points, or both? Including our group name, attach our planning report. 
  * Next Friday meeting we contact course responsible if he does not respond, and if he responds and says he's busy we'll discuss what to do from there
  * When we start on case studies, there are parts that might be fun and giving to do in groups (two people at least). Send a quick message in slack and see if anyone wanna join if you start on a case study!

## Next meeting

**2023-04-04 | 09:00 | Zoom**

* Have a weekend and an easter!