# 2023-02-06 Meeting minutes
###### tags: `Meeting`
**15:15 | EG-3504**

Present: Everyone (Mathias on zoom)

## Before the meeting
* Have a weekend!

## Agenda
* Around the table
    * Jacob: Tagit det lugnt, rimligt och bra
    * Linn: Inte tagit det lugnt, men snart blir det lugnt
    * Martin: Mekat med blodburkar, ingen framgång:(
    * Edvin: Tagit det lugnt
    * Christoffer: Haft det gött
    * Mathias: Vart sjuk, mindre kul
* Decide when Friday meeting will be:
  * Thursday 13:00 (can't be present: Mathias)
  * Thursday 16:00 (can't be present: Linn)
  * Thursday 13--17 (everyone can join at least for part of it)
  * Conclusion: Thursday 13--17, Zoom
* Schedule for keeping track when people are available
    * Create a google calendar, manually putting in events
* How do we handle Yehia's feedback this week? 
  * Discuss over Slack?
  * Extra meeting before Thursday?
  * Prioritize and create issues
  * Already answered when this meeting started so we go through them now
      * Yehia ignored our wishes about not commenting on background order :sob:
      * Some comments remain to be discussed in person
      * hopefully, most comments will resolve themselves when background is fixed
* Plan out prototypes (create issues):
  * **Scheduler prototype**:
    * Goal: explore how to *concurrently* schedule systems *based on system inputs*
    * Requirements: (issues)
      * Benchmark against single-thread
    * Assigned: Martin, Christoffer
  * **Component storage prototype**:
    * Goal: explore how to *efficiently* (i.e. cache) store *and retrieve* component data (with addition/removal of entities/components) 
    * Requirements: (issues)
      * Benchmark against naive `vec![]` implementation mode
      * Explore entity archetypes
      * Explore sparse sets
      * Explore wait-free hash maps
      * Explore ways to allow systems to access other entities (e.g. door-button-problem)
    * Assigned: Linn, Jacob
  * **Querying prototype**:
    * Goal: explore how to implement the querying functionality, allowing systems to define their input components (and other things like keyboard input)
    * Requirements: (issues)
      * Explore using Rust's type system like Bevy does
    * Assigned: Mathias, Edvin
* When do we write in the thesis?
  * Don't wait until the end
  * Suggestion: when a milestone is completed, or something is done that should be mentioned in the report write about it 
  * Write continuously
    * Don't write too early (will have to rewrite a ton)
    * Don't write too late (will have to crunch)
    * Is it too hardcore to add "Write about it in thesis" to our DoD?

## Decisions
* Soft deadline for project plan Wednesday 13:00 
  * The report should be finished
  * If something is not done yet, ask for help on Slack
  * We will send it to Yehia once everyone has confirmed they're done
* Writing in the thesis:
  * Describe relevant progress in [Thesis Diary](/fXEnStcxR9Wjz8KbTmqwsQ) in HackMD continuously
  * Based on notes in thesis diary, write in thesis about milestone after completing it
* Prototyping workflow:
  * Prototypes live in branches in the `recs` repository, but will never be merged
  * Prototype groups will be the driving force behind each prototype, which means:
    * they create the issues
    * they implement the issues, taking from the `Backlog`
    * they specify the issues (i.e. fill in the purpose, requirements, dependencies)
  * The project group will be the product owner for each prototype, which means:
    * during our weekly meetings we accept/rework/deny suggested issues created by the prototype team
    * issues created by the prototype teams go in the `New` column, and only once they've been approved are they moved into the `Backlog`
    * if a prototype team is blocked by waiting for approval by the team, this can be quickly gotten over Slack (but we should strive to have a healthy backlog, which is refilled every week)
* Take note about whether we keep going past meeting durations, then we'll have to do something about it
  * Possible solutions if this keeps happening (not discussed during meeting, just suggestions thought of when writing this down):
    * If everyone is fine with it, just officially extend the meeting timeslot
    * Begin the Monday meetings at 13:00 instead (but everyone can't be present during first two hours)
    * Reschedule Monday meetings to Tuesdays
      * Still keep the Monday meeting slot reserved, but only for supervision meetings with Yehia

## Next meeting

**2023-02-09 | 13:00 | Zoom**

* Project plan should be finished.
  * Fix anything you've said you would fix.
  * Eagerly take issues in backlog.
  * If you find an issue that's not been discussed, bring it up on Slack. 