# 2023-03-27 Meeting minutes
###### tags: `Meeting`
**08:00 | EG-3507**

Present: Martin, Mathias, Jacob, Christoffer, Linn, Edvin

## Before the meeting
None

## Agenda
* Around the table
* Mail Yehia on Monday and ask:
  * Inform about the master-information event on Tuesday that makes us unavailable for our meeting, cancel that meeting (just for this week)
    * Also next week (because of easter) we will do the meeting on Zoom, if that's okay with you?
  * Send current draft of thesis and ask him to read and leave comments on:
    * Entire method (mostly done)
    * Results (Scheduler)
      * We haven't yet written about intra-system parallelization
  * Ask if he has any ideas for a non-parallelizable case study (because we can't come up with any simple ones)
  * Inform about that we haven't yet gotten any feedback on our planning report from examiner
* Try to contact our examinator again? Or ask Yehia about him, since we still have not gotten feedback from our planning report.
* Present the MVP to get writing group up to speed
  * How the scheduler and workerpool functions
    * Martin
  * How all the traits in `ecs` crate and queries work (how the macro works)
    * Edvin
  * How Archetypes are implemented
    * Jacob
  * How the profiler works and how to use it 
    * Martin
* What do we want to bring to the thesis
  * The problems with implementing archetypes in result
    * architectural problems
    * overlapping conflicts with component access
    * papers about databases, intersect etc would be interesting
  * 

## Decisions
* 

## Next meeting

**2023-03-31 | 13:00 | EG-????**

* 